as well as catching the fish it was
going to be my job to fit the tag to not
only are they fast Marlin trouble
mind-boggling distances as well one tote
in California was recaptured 10,000
miles away in New Zealand
but fishing for Marlin needs a lot of
patience it's wait wait wait
when a black marlin strikes it can strip
line off the reel at 120 feet per second
that's 80 miles an hour
I'll just say that again 80 miles an
hour
it's only by measuring how fast the line
comes up the reel that scientists have
been able to work out the Marling's top
speed
bring them quick number
this is like a Formula One racing
car it's fantastically aerodynamic to
reduce drag with a sharp bill at the
front to slice through the water and a
performance motor at the back in the
shape of its huge crescent-shaped tail
give me a real fight
oh yeah that's incredible
I don't know why that one no one let's
do it again
Oh
guys make
I spy
thumping so okay stuff yeah yeah halfway
down yeah yep
what's outside I had to get the tagging
as fast as possible so we could let the
Marlin off the hook temple that's him
take it's gone tag in
yeah
with the tag safely in place it was time
for Donovan to release the Molly
what an animal who knows where this
formula one fish might turn up next as
it roams the oceans of the world see the
size of its tail is this a grill hang
you dog billionaire oh gee that really
is muscle against muscle there's nothing
more really just man against fish
as far as anyone can tell the black
marlin is the fastest fish on earth
you